CSC 249 Project 2 
Due October 11 2024
Resubmitted December 13 2024
Zoe Plumridge 

Acknowledgements: Worked through problem with Vivian Streber. 

A text (.txt or .md) document with a written description of your client-VPN message format 
(that is, a description of all implemented client and VPN messages, 
and how the various components of each message are represented). 
Your goal in writing this document should be to convey enough information 
in enough detail to allow a competent programmer 
without access to your source code 
to write either a new client that communicates properly with your VPN server, 
or a new VPN server that communicates properly with your client. 
This document should include at least six sections: 
Overview of Application, 
Client->VPN Server Message Format, 
VPN Server->Client Message Format, 
Example Output, 
a description of how the network layers are interacting when you run your server, 
VPN server, 
and client, 

Instructions for operation / what happens
1. Run each of server, VPN, client in terminal
2. Client says: "Enter target message: "
Target message is a string. Prefered format is "integer" "message", 
but if no integer is provided, or if the integer is 20 or greater, the program defaults to 5. This occurs in the application layer of the client.
*5 hello*

Client adds the information of the target server (IP and port) to the beginning of the message. This occurs in the internetwork layer. 
Client sends this to VPN via a data link between the link layer of the client and of the VPN. 

VPN splits information into server IP, server host, and message as part of the network layer. 
VPN then forwards the information to the server while continuing to maintain a connection with the client through the link layer. 
VPN does not process information at the transport or application layers, thus preserving the client's information accuracy and privacy. 

Server receives information at the link layer, processes at network, transportation, and application layers, then again at transportation and network layers before the link layer sends information back to VPN. 
Result of processing: *hello hello hello hello hello*

VPN receives information from server at link layer, modifies at network layer to change target address, and link layer forwards to client's link layer.

Client receives information at link layer. Information processed at network and transport layer before results printed at application layer. Closes connection with VPN. VPN closes connection with server. 

Application repeats "integer" number of times the message converted to all capital letters. 
